treview
1t"I usually loves Domino's Pizza but last night I ordered cheesy pasta and I was not taste up to expectations, so I reviewed that way. Next day they called me for closed the feedback, is it right way?? Feedback means to for every customer who is going to buy from your outlet... I'm getting this appropriate."
2t"I ordered paneer makhani pizza from sector 15 chandigarh. It was delivered after more than 55 min and was too cold. Moreover no ketchup was served with the pizza. I have to throw that pizza. Very worst experience."
3t"I ordered pizza from Domino's and the delivery person could not wait for 5 minutes completely and yell at me so badly over the phone. Also, he literally dropped pizza boxes outside the building door. I am glad I was on the other side of the locked door, otherwise, it was not a safe experience at all. It is not about earning back a refund complaining, anyway I had to throw away that Pizza. I wish I could attach the image here. From now onwards I am not considering domino's as a Pizza option."
4t"Pre-ordered 6 pizzas for delivery at 6:30 pm. Was called at 6:15 pm to tell me they were cancelling my order. I asked to speak to the manager and was hung up on. I called back three times to be hung up on each time. Terrible management - terrible service! Do not order from the Circle Pines location. (9730 Lexington Ave, Circle Pines, Mn) I never will again!"
5t"I was calling Domino's to ask them a question and they were just being really rude and disrespectful and fricken hung up on me after I was done asking them. That's what I call horrible service. Like what kind of company literally hangs up on someone for asking a question. Not even that! I was asking if I could pick it up. I was being all nice about it too. Just hang up on me."
6t"I ordered a chicken caesar salad for delivery with my pizza. They called me saying they didn't have anymore of chicken caesar salad but they have garden salad so I said ok so just refund the difference back to my card. They said that the garden salad is the same price but how is that when chicken is more expensive to add to something. What a rip off!"
7t"We gone to Domino's Pizza near grand mall. First when we enter one man was not responding. We are asking about where to order. But they are laughing and talking with someone and never responding. But the food was amazing. For that only I gave 3 stars if not you will be losing the three stars. Please make it right to be a best. When the person enters you should be serious. Ok make it right. All the best."
8t"Worst experience with Domino's staff and quality of pizza. We went to two restaurant of domino's. First we go to Jail Road. They refuse to take our order at 8:30 pm, because they were having so over worked these type of people you having in customer dealing very bad impression. Then we go to Tilak Nagar restaurant. There we wait for 40min for our order and get spoiled pizza on asking for ketchup they said ketchup is out of stock now. We people feel like fools who spent 500rs for spoiling our mood by eating pathetic pizza. They didn't give us bill. What type of services these brand giving."
9t"Ordered 4 cheese pizza with extra cheese but the pizza just had only extra cheese and no other type of cheese was there from these four cheese. If you can't maintain quality then stop showing your ads bloody everywhere."
10t"Just wanted to say that their pizza is great. But if you let it sit for longer than 30 minutes in the box, it sticks to the box so that you can't even pick up the remaining pieces. So you can lose up to 75% of the pizza to the box it sticks to!"
11t"I ordered the Hawaiian pizza. It was so undercooked. The die was wet and fell apart. They also stopped their 2 minute timer after 24 seconds and took another 35 seconds to get out to my car. I asked why they stopped it and he laughed and gave me bullcrap excuse."
12t"I ordered about 40 dollars worth of food one evening around 8pm and about ten minutes after I placed the order online, I get a call. They have no delivery drivers, so I was not getting my order. Then he promptly hung up on me. When I called back to ask for a refund of my money, he hung up on me again. This happened at least 5 times before I gave up. So I called Pizza Hut. Much better company."
13t"I'm allergic to a protein in cow's milk and therefore cannot eat cheese. I ordered a pizza from Domino's and drove and picked it up. Drove home and opened the box, it was covered with cheese. I called the store, sat on hold, got hung up on (I know they hung up, because I saw the manager do it while I was in the store). Drove back to the store with the incorrect pizza and my receipt. I asked for the manager, he came up. Asked what was wrong, I told him. He said, ""Oh yeah, I just looked at it real fast and missed that. I'll make you another one."" He made a new pizza, put it in the oven and left. The employee in the front got my new pizza out of the oven, cut it, put it in a box, and gave it to me. No customer service AT ALL. No, ""We're sorry,"" no nothing. I'm gonna give Marco's Pizza down the street a try next time."
14t"The pizza was burnt or too spicy. We are very disappointed and this is not the first time. This is the last time we are going to order from Domino's. I know other people who were also disappointed with their food."
15t"Do not order from them!! We have been and always late. But this time no delivery. Ordered at 9pm and called at10 pm no answer. My account was charged and credited but everyone is still hungry!! Never again."
16t"We ordered our pizzas at 2 pm for 5 pm. At 5:15 we TRIED to call the store, waited on phone for 35 minutes! By chance we got another call in call waiting at 5:45. It was the store on 16 th Ave in Conway South Carolina. Whoopy, telling us that our pizza was waiting for an hour to be delivered in another 3-4 hours! First this notice was already 45 minutes late! And on top we should wait another 3-4 hours for a cold pizza? This absolutely sucks. Trust me, this was the very last time I ordered from your company. I asked politely to cancel my order, reimburse our money and ordered from a local pizzeria. Thanks for absolute horrid customer service. I’ll tell that story to whoever wants to hear it. Furthermore I’ll leave my reviews where ever I can post it, Yelp, Yellow Pages etc.!!!!"
17t"I've been trying to redeem my free pizza online for over a week in app and I keep generic ""checkout error"" on website. It's ""We are sorry but an error has occurred. Please try again momentarily."" And to contact the store but they can't help me redeem pizza since it needs to be done online. So I decided to contact Domino's customer service number. They too couldn't help me even after giving them access to my account and they seeing free pizza. They also received same error message. I'm currently quarantined due to Covid. In financial distress as most of us are. And can't even redeem a free pizza I earned through points. Highly disappointed."
18t"My daughter and her friends had to fly back home to Texas and before leaving to the airport we ordered three pizzas to be delivered. The restaurant is located at 7070 Seminole Pratt Whitney Rd Ste 1, Loxahatchee, FL 33470, just about 2.5 miles from our house, so we figured it'd be less than 45 minutes to receive the order. We place the order at 12:34 PM but almost an hour later, the pizzas had not been delivered. I called the restaurant to inquire about the delay and I was told they were busy and that the order had been sent. I asked the person who answered the call why they didn't inform the customer about the delay so they could make other arrangements, including picking it up the order, but he just said that it was on its way."
19t"It's like they have a computerized hook. When you buy pizza for the first time in a while they will serve you a good pizza full of topping and sauce so you can buy again but when it sees that you're an old customer they start to serve few toppings and sauce. I have experienced this since loooong ago. Try it and you will see. Stop buying for some time and when you go back they will serve you a nice pizza full of topping and the cycle goes on and on."
20t"Absolutely the worst experience I have ever had in my lifetime!!! Poor Customer Service! Uncaring inconsiderate Manager! Poor Order Takers. But They Love Ripping you off! I paid them via debit card $40.00+ for a delivery which they totally botched and when I tried to contact them by phone they hung up on me 6 times!!!! 2nd guy told me to ** Off! I am telling you the Ogden Area Pizza Lovers DO NOT ORDER OR BUY FROM THIS LOUSY STORE - Go somewhere else and save yourself a Bucket Load of Grief!!!!"
21t"Review for Dominos del Amo bl, Lakewood CA. Very highly recommended. Horaccio is Very professional and excels in his customer service skills.. 5 stars to him and the other staff there.. My 2nd time getting pizza from there.. The food is fresh and on point really good.. I haven't had that experience at other dominos so I just had to write the reveiw and show my appreciation for getting great and friendly professional service and the good being on point definitely puts this dominos on the top of the list.. Thank you guys. It's the way you treat others is what they remember in any business.. Presentation is everything.. Thank you"
22t"The whole experience was very bad and badly handled. Was very upsetting. Management didn't help with problems. I was treated like I was a liar and in the end they are refusing to deliver to me ever again."
23t"Today while at work I ordered a pizza... I was unable to locate the pizza coupon I sought and therefore called the actual store. When calling after a brief hold I was able to place my order accordingly. The customer representative even recognized my employer's business number and provided awesome customer service. About 10 mins later I was able to arrive at this location for pick-up and the order was ready to be received in a timely fashion. Upon arriving back at my employer and having the Pie in hand I sat down to enjoy this amazing looking pizza. I ate approximately 2 slices and was about to have my 3rd (as I was going to bring the rest home to my children) & it happened... Something fell off the slice while eating! At first I assumed it was a mushroom but the texture and lightness as it fell caused for a closer inspection."
24t"Domino's review. It has really poor service, we didn't get any oregano and chili flakes, it has been almost a year since we always ask the delivery guy but every time the excuse is that it's out of stock, we're tired of this. So please look up to it."
25t"Worst as your quality is going down day by day. I received even not proper baked pizza. No cheese, plain bread even the toppings are not best. I will not recommend anyone your brand as it's going down day by day."
26t"Half of the pizza was more crust than anything and what would be called a slice of pizza was actually maybe 2 bite's because like I stated it was more crust than pizza. Delivery person was very nice. Just won't be ordering again."
27t"Soooo we ordered a pizza through the app. Last night and after the order we waited 2 hours for this pizza to show up instead of the 30 to 45 min. Wait time, so we decide to call them and asked where our order was at, the manager, rude as hell too, said in a ** attitude say ""your order is out for delivery, I don't know when it will show up."" Then hung up on me. So I called them back like wtf when will it get here? He proceeded to ask what time I ordered, so I checked the app, it won't tell me, so I check on my card to see what time and I find out they charge me $50 for 2 large pizzas, so I told them to void the order and refund me. 24hrs later no refund, talked to the GM, he's pretty much ignoring me, my account is now in the negatives and no food. We do not own a vehicle and we just moved into our own place, so we have no food, she is also pregnant like wtf give me our money back so we can eat."
28t"I called my order in for a medium pizza and an order of garlic knots at 9:00 pm and I called at 10:00 pm and I was told my order did not exist. I then re-ordered my pizza and garlic knots at that time, and it is currently 11:10 pm and I still do not have my order yet. Both times I was told it would be a 30 mins for my order to arrive, and both times they told me they were busy. This is completely ridiculous for a medium pizza and an order of garlic knots to be delivered to a hotel across the street from the Dominos building. I will never order from them again. Very dissatisfied with the service from the Dominos in Minocqua, Wisconsin."
29t"Placed the order for pick up because deliveries are taking over 2-3 hours and upon arrival, the manager ** said she has no order. Although, I showed her my phone with the pizza tracker stating that order was ready for pick up... She said that they did not made it and that they turned off the ovens...She was very rude...When asked about her name she said Yakira the manager and you can call 1800 Domino's to complain if you want. Closed the door on me and co worker showed the middle finger at me through the glass. Asked to do it again to record it and they both laughed. I never felt so humiliated and mistreated in my whole life by a manager and her employee."
30t"I put in the directions to be contactless. The guy knocked on the door, I went to get it and he was still there. He had me sign the receipt and handed me the food. I paid online so it would be contactless."
